there's a difference between having a
visible back and a usable back if you
don't believe me try this getting a
visible back comes from muscle mass in
strategic areas but a usable back is
built through both stiffness and
flexibility the ability to stiffen your
spine through bracing really allows you
to lift heavy weight and you can train
that by lifting heavy weights and
bracing yeah I know kind of obvious but
the flexibility is what really allows
you to move gracefully start with the
seal stretch easy medium hard hardest oh
God and then move straight to the pike
stretch easy medium hard hardest bounce
back and forth for a few sets and then
you have the flexibility part of the
spine down don't forget to lift two and
you'll have a visible and usable back
stay Flexi